Added contribution guidelines (#112)
moe-serifu-circle/moe-serifu-agent: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

This document lays out some of the ways that you can help out with Moe Serifu Agent and
other projects under Moe Serifu Circle.

## Finding What to Work On

### Discord Server

The number one best way to coordinate helping out with Moe Serifu Circle's projects is to
hop on to [the circle's discord server](https://discord.gg/URAA8SF) and ask what needs
doing. It will be the most up to date source of active development efforts.

Folks on the discord with an `engineers` or `contributors` role will likely be able to
quickly help point you in the right direction.

Join the server, let us know that you want to help, and we'll get you something to work
on.

### GitHub Issues

All of the items in our backlog are located in the GitHub Issues page for the project;

> from there, you should be able to get a pretty good idea of what needs to be worked on.

Reviewer: maybe insert link to the issues page?

Author: Ah, good idea!

for other people to use.

You only need to submit the agreement once; this will let you work on all MSC projects.

You can find instructions for filling out the form as well as the form itself
[here](https://goo.gl/forms/hu1hTNZs1xj2mFnF2). If you are filling it out manually, make
sure to send it to the email address listed there or to send it directly to a member of MSC's
board of directors. If you use the online form, note that it will not notify us when you
submit it; you will need to tell us that you submitted it.

### Contributions Should Be Associated with Issues

Every PR should be associated with an existing project backlog item or GitHub Issue. In
some rare instances, this may not be required. In that case, ensure that the PR submission
includes a detailed description of the change and the motive for the change.

It would also be a good idea to notify a project maintainer beforehand if you plan on
submitting a PR without an associated Issue.

PRs that are not associated with an issue and that do not have reasonable justification given
in their description are likely to be rejected or sent back for changes.

### Unit Tests and Comments

> All PRs that contain changes to code should be accompanied by unit tests that cover the

Reviewer: Maybe add something about not submitting a pr for an issue you are not assigned to?

Author: I do not want to lock that in to policy.

change. If unit testing does not apply to the situation given in the PR, reasoning should

> be given in the PR description, or a project maintainer should be notified submitting the

Reviewer: Maybe specify the maintainer should be notified in the PR comments? That way the discord isn't cluttered with individual descriptions of PRs and there is a persistent record of conversations (other than scrolling through the discord history)

Author: That isn't necessarily a particular thing I'd like to set in stone, although we will certainly be prioritizing GH as the go-to location for tracking info, I don't want to discourage conversation from happening in the Discord server.

Reviewer: yeah, all I meant, is that if you don't update unit tests make a note of why you think you don't need to update the unit tests for the maintainers.

PR.

All PRs must include properly commented code. The exact definition of what constitutes
'properly commented' is not well-defined, but at a minimum, there should be a module-level
or class-level docstring explaining what the module and/or class does.

PRs that do not follow the above guidelines are likely to be rejected or sent back for
changes.

### Style

Please be sure to follow coding style practices established in a project. PRs are likely
to be rejected or sent back for changes if the style is drastically different from the

> one established in the project.

Reviewer: Maybe add
> Project maintainers have final say on whether a PR follows the style guidelines

Author: I feel like that might be a little redundant, but I have no problem adding it.

If there is a significant reason for the style differing from convention, make sure to
include the reason either in a code comment or in the PR submission.

For this project, the following guidelines are in effect:

> * Use `snake_case` for the names of functions and local variables.

Reviewer: snake case for module names as well

Author: Do you think we should ask for a bias towards no spaces at all in module names?

Reviewer: module names cannot have spaces in them otherwise python cannot import them.

Reviewer: It is more common to see my_engine. I think it is part of pep-8

* Use `CamelCase` for the names of classes.
* In general, PEP-8 should be followed, except for where it does not make sense. The
explicit cases where this can be ignored:
  * Global exception Handlers that catch all exceptions are permitted (at the top-level
  of execution only). Ensure that they properly send the exceptions somewhere (e.g.
  logging), and that they don't just swallow them.

>   * Shadowing global imports with local identifiers (e.g. it's okay to have a parameter

Reviewer: maybe add spacing concerns to this list.
e.g.
pep 8 requires that there be two spaces preceding an inline comment. e.g.
`print("hello world")[space]# my comment` - BAD
`print("hello world")[space][space]# my comment` - Good

Author: Are you saying that we disagree with PEP-8 here? Or that we explicitly agree?

Reviewer: Just that small nuances like that are a little too tedious to care about. Specifically spacing nuances like that.

Author: At least, the comment one. Some other spacing concerns help to establish separation between blocks imo; e.g. the PEP-8 rule on having two new lines between module-level function definitions, so I don't want to rule out all cases of spacing.

  called `id`).

### Architecture Changes

The architecture of the systems in this project should be considered fixed. MSC is not
opposed to accepting changes to its projects' architectures, but please be aware that

> this will usually not be a simple quick change.

Reviewer: wording?
> simple or quick change

Author: ```suggestion
this will usually not be a trivial change.
```
?

To ensure that all engineers are on the same page, major architectural changes should
be brought up directly with the engineering team. The easiest way to do that is on
[the circle's discord server](https://discord.gg/URAA8SF) Discord server.

PRs that necessitate large changes to architecture that are submitted without prior

> discussion will be rejected.

Reviewer: Maybe add something like:

> The maintaining team may request large changes to be broken up into multiple smaller PRs if the original change set will have overarching effects.

Author: ```suggestion
discussion will be rejected; the maintaining team may request further action be taken to split the task into smaller sub-tasks.
```

Ehhhh dunno how I feel about outlining the specific practice... what about this, though?

doing. It will be the most up to date source of active development efforts.

Folks on the discord with an `engineers` or `contributors` role will likely be able to
quickly help point you in the right direction.

Join the server, let us know that you want to help, and we'll get you something to work
on.

### GitHub Issues

All of the items in our backlog are located in the [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/moe-serifu-circle/moe-serifu-agent/issues)
page for the project; from there, you should be able to get a pretty good idea of what
needs to be worked on.

Of course, the recommendation will always be to coordinate activities with project
maintainers when possible, but if a PR is specifically connected to an extant issue,
it is very likely that it will be accepted.

Do note that we use the assignment field of Issues to show who is working on something,
but the status of that field may not always be up to date. The most recent information
on what tasks are already in-flight can always be found by asking the active engineers
at [the circle's discord server](https://discord.gg/URAA8SF).

## Contribution Guidelines

> 

Author: Is there something outside of existing Issue templates that we want to cover?

> 

Reviewer: We do not, at this point, have an Issues template, only a PR template.

> 

Author: Yeah, let's just do that instead of including it in the contributing guide.

> 

Reviewer: You will need to do that, as i cannot edit repo settings.

> 

Author: That's annoying. I'll look into doing that, then.

I'll look into updating permissions so the rest of the team can also do it.
